welcome to the now these are the rules
number one we will all pick a number
between 1 and 19 and we will proceed in
numerical order clear yeah all right
number one will choose first
obviously number two will then have the
option to choose another unwrapped gift
or steal that person's gift and so on
and so forth so either when it comes to
your numbers you either take an
unwrapped gift or steal somebody else
got it yeah you can still anybody's
guess yeah anybody's good however a gift
can only be stolen twice whoa it is
stolen the second time that gift is
frozen and it belongs to the person that
stole that that second and so it's
Panasonic so there's gonna be a lot of
stealing going on
so now after number 19 makes their pick
if number one had their gift stolen that
person number one will then have the
option to steal any gift it hasn't been
frozen or take the last unwrapped gift
remaining at the end
who has one now when you tell everybody
what you got Panasonic DIY home
monitoring system indoor and outdoor
cameras motion sensors door window
sensors Panasonic HD camcorder with twin
video I got it the Lumix cs50 travel
zoom camera
come on Daniela a gentle japanese-style
facial microfoam with your favorite
facial cleanser magazine 5 beauty
products were obsessed with over 5 who
the art three wet/dry I'm not kidding
dammit it's not the sonic 4k
you want an iron over a 50 inches what
do you do that
yeah you should have still live in San
Juan assault and frozen would you get
Panasonic all this to in one pass I
drops 360 Lux earbuds as number 10 I am
going to take a TV no one else takes it
cuz I'll beat you up so
interchangeable-lens chat
apparat superb image quality a
lightweight detachable lens camera oh
and it's so fine oh I don't know you're
taking pictures I around to the air with
so many lies perfect number 12 number 12
what is this is it Andrew it is a
Panasonic gluten-free precisely max DJ
Juba I'm willing to steal Elvis's shaver
yeah
back off make way for my where'd you get
it
Panasonic high speed blender with the
cell phone
gosh I want your home monitoring
the most issue what's new all right very
Bob what you get
sorry Brody
bloomix TS 30-second steal or you can
take the fabulous prize still this
surprises public surprises those
waterproof waterproof seal Danielle just
got another 50 inch foreground